Functions are the fundamental building blocks of any Go program. They allow you to encapsulate a sequence of statements into a reusable unit, making your code more modular, readable, and maintainable. Understanding how to define functions, pass parameters, and handle return values is crucial for writing effective Go code. This lesson will provide a comprehensive overview of functions in Go, covering their syntax, different types of parameters, and various ways to return values.

Function Definition:
In Go, a function is defined using the func keyword, followed by the function name, a list of parameters enclosed in parentheses, an optional return type, and the function body enclosed in curly braces.

func functionName(parameter1 type1, parameter2 type2) returnType {
    // Function body
    return returnValue
}

1. func keyword: This keyword signifies the start of a function definition.
2. functionName: This is the name you give to your function. Choose descriptive names that clearly indicate what the function does.
3. parameter1 type1, parameter2 type2: This is the parameter list. Each parameter consists of a name and a type. Functions can have zero or more parameters.
4. returnType: This specifies the type of value the function will return. If the function doesn't return any value, you can omit this or use void (though Go doesn't have a void keyword; you simply omit the return type).
5. {}: The curly braces enclose the function body, which contains the statements that will be executed when the function is called.
6. return returnValue: The return statement is used to return a value from the function. The type of returnValue must match the returnType specified in the function signature. If the function has no return type, the return statement can be omitted or used without a value to simply exit the function.


Function Parameters
Functions can accept different types of parameters, including:
    1. Positional Parameters: These are the most common type of parameters, where the order of arguments passed to the function must match the order of parameters in the function definition.
    2. Variadic Parameters: These allow you to pass a variable number of arguments of the same type to a function.
    3. Named Return Values: Go allows you to name the return values of a function. This can improve code readability, especially for functions with multiple return values.

Positional Parameters: 
    Positional parameters are the standard way of passing arguments to a function. The arguments are matched to the parameters based on their position in the function call.

Variadic Parameters:
    A variadic parameter is a parameter that accepts zero or more values of a specified type. It is denoted by an ellipsis (...) before the type of the parameter. Inside the function, the variadic parameter is treated as a slice of that type.

Named Return Values:
    Go allows you to name the return values of a function. This can improve code readability, especially for functions with multiple return values. When you name the return values, they are treated as variables declared within the function. You can then assign values to them and return them using a bare return statement (without specifying the return values explicitly).

Function Return Values
    Functions in Go can return single or multiple values. The return type(s) must be specified in the function signature.

Single Return Value
    When a function returns a single value, the return type is specified after the parameter list.

Multiple Return Values
    Go supports functions that return multiple values. The return types are specified as a list enclosed in parentheses. This is commonly used to return both a result and an error value, allowing the caller to check if the function executed successfully.

Blank Identifier
    If you are not interested in using one or more of the return values from a function, you can use the blank identifier (_) to discard them.




